After a lot of work on debugging, adding redux and all these things, you learned a lot about how to work
with react native apps.
Now I want to go back into the code, I want to show you another important piece of the overall react native
puzzle, how you can add third party libraries
and actually we already did this,
we added redux for example but I mean libraries that provide native code features so that give you access
to some native device features which are not baked into react native because if you have a look at
the react native documentation, you'll see it ships with quite some components but it doesn't cover everything
you can do on a phone. For example, later in this course we'll add something like maps which is not built
into react native so that we can access google maps. In this module,
I'll show you how to add such third party libraries, add the example of a library that exposes some icons
to us so that we can use some icons in our app. React native doesn't include any icons, so we can use
that library I'm going to show you to still add some and connecting libraries that reach out to native
code features as this library will is always a bit special
but in the end, not that complicated and I will show you how it works in this module.
So with that, let's just get started.